Week-3
Test

KNOWLEDGE GRAPH

INFERENCING  - MODEL OPTIMIZATION TECHNIQUES 

CLAUDE ECOSYSTEM - AGENTIC SKILLS and CONTEXT



build an AI agent such that you give them a goal (get key terms from contract and insert in hubspot), 
use knowledge (docs)  and signal (Current state of world)  with reasoning (LLM)  to create plans to change the state of world with actions(tools, API’s), 
steps to validate if progress is made and on each halt come up with recovery plan.


% Task completion rate per user : No of tasks completed without human intervention or minimum intervention and high quality per user. (WoW)
% Helpfulness : This metric tracks a lot of smaller signals to gauge the response quality of intermittent steps and the final outcome of your agent.
% Honest : This metric tracks how much information that your agent presented or used is actually verifiable, factful and grounded in reality. 
% Harmless (guardrails adhered) : This tracks how many conversations erode trust for your customers. This can mean not adhering to compliance requirement, your internal policy or simple doing things that 
NPS/User feedback rating : This is the same metrics as before that tracks how happy are your customers and uses them as proxy metrics. Proxy metrics means that as you automate tasks user satisfaction should not drop.

% Helpfulness
correctness of issue/goal identification, 
plan accuracy, 
succinct/format responses
Instruction adherence 
% abandon rate without accomplishing goals
Conversation halted after maximum no. of attempt reached
Conversation where a human was called to get help 
% Honest 
grounding/extraction accuracy, 
Fact fulness : Whatever the agent says/does is grounded in reality.
Grounded with less top two sources.
Reasoning or planning step accuracy  
Is the output produced in desired format (for example, Json,CSV)
% Harmless (guardrails , policy and compliance adhered) 
No insult, threat or profanity. 
No bad mouthing competitors 
No way to make it say whatever the user wants. 
No. of nonfactual information shared


SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-bound). goals for your teams. 



a. Evaluation - 
b. Responsibility - Guardrail, Security and Safe. 

Agent Evaluation - 
KPIS for AI Agents - 
Responsible AI - 

What is AI Evaluations? 
Answer: It consists of not only evaluating Test Cases but it also tries to do human evaluation and produce feedback. So, in summary, 
it evaluates the output against a playbook + Evaluates risks + evaluates test cases + checks guardrails.

Accuracy - 
Precision and Recall -- ??
Helpful, Honest, Harmless

Challenges in Evaluation of Agents - 

Scale the Evaluation - 
LLM as Judge - Give the question as prompt and give answer yes/no. -- Take Precision and Recall numbers. -- Check Live
Predective AI - Use AI for Content Moderation.  -- Check Live 
Comparison between human and agent output manually -- Relevance 

Most of the evaluations in real world still done manually 

Precision - 
Recall - 


Current AI Risk and Challenges 

Add Evaluation Strategy in PRD. 
Make system responsible, safety, reliability . 




